vic2d - TODO

Add source/sink terms!!!
  BCs might be hard
Add new noise types for random vorticity?
  Or just rely on external programs for input
Try large sim on tungsten, or ask AMD for compute time
  24k square sim should fit in 40 GB RAM
Rewrite .h files the right way---what I have now sucks
Test creative vorticity input for frozen flow
  Like, a corporate logo, or a piece of art

Allow color PNGs to be input for scalar fields---it just takes the 
brightness component instead of throwing an error.

Support variable viscosity for all variables

0) Support open BCs with either method by doing a treecode solution for the
velocity at the boundary cells. Use the grid as your tree (0-255 is left,
256-511 is right, then same up-down, etc. Nice! Make it recursive, of course.
Look in paramesh-vm for hints).

1) Test a circular cylinder in 2D flow, see if I get the same instability at
Re=40.

2) Add explosion sources (like a point source that appears and disappears)
or
2) Make the source field actually work - meaning scale the interpolation
results by the value of the divergence, but only for vorticity and other
conserved quantities---don't do it for the color scalar.
then
Make a sample movie for Rob


0) get multigrid stuff working! - DONE
2) faster upscaling of output images
3) include either Poisson/FFT or multigrid solution of diffusion problem (for low Re problems)
4) compute and write kinetic energy
5) add input for Boussinesq coefficient - DONE
6) read papers on MOC for large density-stratified flows (free surface)
7) for 3D method, test the baroclinicity of the MOC routine for both
   the velocity and the vorticity advection---is there a difference?
8) write a windowing program to dynamically display the results
9) allow reading in a file and starting with those values as
   either vorticity, heavy/light fluid, or simply scalar value - DONE
10) allow explicit particle movement (or, pull field vals for a given list of points)

DONE
1) add support for Stam-style velocity-MOC
2) allow upscaling of output images--integer, slow
9) fix the problem with edge vorticity getting zeroed!
4) allow entry of dimensionless numbers: Reynolds, Schmidt, others - DONE
5) upgrade to 3D solver, both vorticity and velocity
